Season of Professional Foundations

What can I measure? Lets start with objective things. 

1. Github
    1. How many times does a PR of mine get sent back?
    2. How many comments, specifically back and forths, happen on my PRs?
    3. How many pull requests of others do I review?
    4. How often do those pull requests have meaningful comments? (this one is subjective actually)
2. Code Katas
    1. How many I do
    2. How long each one takes
3. Code Work
    1. How much code coverage my PRs and my code bases have.
    2. How much documenation my code bases have.
4. Academics
    1. How many CSC books I've read, which ones and when.
    2. Online resources
        1. Articles/blogs
        2. Pod casts
        3. Youtube Channels
5. Soft skills
    1. Something with BlueEQ?
6. Mentoring
    1. Who mentored me and in what?
    2. How am I helping those around me to excel?
7. Technical skills
    1. How often do I have a kubernetes activity that I:
        1. Solve entirely on my own knowledge
        2. Solve with a little bit of searching the internet
        3. Solve with the assistance of some one else
        4. Was unable to solve.
    

Measuring subjective things is a little harder. I would like to measure how often I am providing positive, useful feed back in PRs, I would like to track just how often my conversations in slack I was being positive, productive, not petty, not short or kurt, not demening or demanding. When I proposed having an AI provide this insight Megan said I was insane. Perhaps it's the techno-optomist in me but I'm not convinced she's right. But honestly I can't tell if my familiarity and comfort with this technology is giving me a good perspective of a bad one. Whatever the case I think harvesting the data, all my interactions, and storing them in a database locally is a good idea. I may judge my interactions myself, which would be a biased analysis to be sure. But it might give me what I need to make sure that an AI is doing a good job. I can always have the AI re-evaluate with a new prompt. Potentially I could have several prompts and generate concert model.

I would like to follow up on the idea I had a few years ago about converting articles automatically into a self hosted pod cast. I think it woud get me a lot of what I need in a format I'm more likely to engage with. 

This is going to be an interesting quarter to make pages for. So much of what I want to do this cycle is figure things out. How do I track figuring things out?

I just went to try to do another BlueEQ but it looks like I will have to request an assesment. I have been told that I am allowed two a year. This does not correlate with my quarters, but that is ok since this is going to be an ongoing activity unrelated to my journal right? Right! But it does show me some ideas on how I could potentially track some of this. Perhaps some can start as more journal entry style and I can figure out how to make it more structured and graphable later. Perhaps figuring that out is what this quarter is really about.

Heart:
    Lulu time
    Games w/ Ben
    Maybe make the space ship bridge simulator game with my fellow deltoids.

Soul:
    "Experiencing God Together" for Couple's bible study
    Daily hour of quiet time
    Pick  2 passages to memorize

Mind:
    Finish Beautiful Architecture
    Hopefully read another book.
    Participate in Advent of Code, I am thinking I'll do it in C.
    Figure out programming exercises of some sort. I'm thinking of some sort of Code Kata.
    Get some level of competence in Kuberentes

Strength:
    Monday: Run
    Wednesday: Lifting for Arms.
    Thursday: Run
    Friday: Lifting for Core.
    Saturday: Ultimate at 4.

Pages:
Recurring:
1. Goals
2. Daily Planner
3. Weekly Planner
4. Monthly Recap 
5. Celebrations
6. Lucy Time
7. Couples Bible Study
8. House Projects
9. Family Night
10. Eletronics Project

Seasonal
11. Kubernetes skills
12. Objective Measurements made
xx. Advent of code graph
xx. Plans made for harvesting Github
xx. Plans made for harvesting Slack
xx. Plans made for tracking BlueEQ
xx. Plans made for tracking books and other resources
xx. Plans made for tracking mentoring
xx. Plans made for tracking code skills sharpening


exercise
15. Running
xx. Arms
xx. Core
16. Ultimate
